In the morning, I called my good friend to companies in the mountains...
I said it sounds funny, so I got nightvation.
I got mad and immediately slave during the valuable talk.
I was living in a very rich village.
I thought winning
Maybe their job is just hay fever,
who hunts
for their stalkers to eat it.
But then, losing dinner between them for five years...
in the end, they repeat the nonsense with 맛있 white rice.
five years later, it is simply Tekken!
I'm glad to hear that.
I've been so busy with my work that I haven't even had time to talk to you.
I'm sorry.
What?
Do you want to say something?
I was looking at you when you were just there.
Don't laugh.
Do you want to say something?
I'll do it.
Don't laugh.
I can do it, too.
If you're so juicy with a swearing attitude, they're your enemies.
Are you surprised?
What he heard was..!
Someone in a studio they were
Really terrible
Hmm. Just like so.
Actually, it doesn't matter how much it has Button